How to train the duck - don't cover!
An ententraining, ARG, entertaining story.
[Pirate ducks entering a soup tin image]

It has been predicted that in 2016 90% of the market is mobile?!
Look for the differentiation of pc, tablet, phone market!
Ask for the user behavior. Question it!
make investigation over and over again. 
It chages rappitly.
And still growth of the pc segment is 10% plus until 2016

IP V6 is coming - is already here and rolling out. 
It will define a brand new market segment! 
Cars, TVs, fridgiators, ...
... smart asses, oops, assets.

The book market is emerging into the tablet market slowly,
but although small is already a big huge platform.

Think about: Amazon Kindle Fire - what's up Germany, Europe?
Can We build an (international) alliance to provide a Kindle like?
Barnes&Nobles, Oyo, Hugenduble, Weltbild, Thalia, Libre +
Gunnar&Jahr + Spiegel + Springer + Burda + english, french, spanish,
italian, japanese and korean publisher and distributors?

older players pretent to play story driven games
women like to play addictive story driven games

we have more and more older players and older player generations.
the 70s, the 80s, the 90s and the 2001s
this actual new one is generation number 4
this generation is inhomogenous like none before:
we have more young women, girls, older women.
people, we never thaught of, that they would play.
the now a days classic hardcore gamer is with a chance of 70 to 90%
female!
[YOU are not a gamer image, looks like old SAM 'I want you']

hardcore games have become driven by stories more and more over 
the last 10 years
facebook games have become driven by stories more and more over 
the last 3 years
mobile ones will become driven by stories more and more over 
the next 1 or 2 years, perhaps! For sure? 
I am sure, indeed, but they will provide smaller chunks of gameplay.

In the END:
it's all about story.
(BUT -> it's all about money, too)
so if you want to earn money, be a story teller.
(teller synonym/first meaning is broker, cashier)
pay attention to the small invests of money or time
especally if a user does invest her money and time.
Deal with THE story.

And beyond:
The future devices will not be the fridge or the washing mashine.
It will be the soup tin. A Cambpells one. You'll play a game about
good tomatos to detect more recipies for tomato soups. And you can
score them on rotten tomatos. Yes, the tin will have a round about 
touchscreen. You may read the wiki entries of Andy Warhol with that tin.
Once you play one of the available games, you can only reach 100 points 
before opening the can and additional 250 bonus points after cooking. 
You will always play in such small chunks, because once you reached 
10.000 accumulated points, you get one soup tin for free. You will have
to pay the shiping as always or for additional 5.000 points it is free, even 
world wide. Oh, and this will be the way to access 
Scott Cambpells awesome images and books, too. 
You should never forget, you must have a full soup tin at home to 
access those 'tomato' informations always and all times. Your TV, 
your fridge and your tins are connected. 
No soup, no scoring, no early Andy Warhol, no recipes, no Campbells.
No, No, No!
The tin is getting part of your online live libary.
That's the way you pay, pay back. 
play back
PLAY!