
Project image
At least 560x420 4:3 aspect ratio

Short blurb 135 letters
HOGventure is the easiest way to create your story games online. Collaborate
with your friends. Show them to world right away. (127)
-OR-
Tell your stories and explore the world of storytelling. Collaborate with your 
friends. Show the results to the world right away. (131)

Blurb 280 letters:
With the HOGventure Editor tools you can experience storytelling in the 
new media, especially games. It is build in HTML5 javascript, so you do not have 
to install any special software. It works with every modern browser. 
Game-player-apps can run on different plattforms. (277)
//like Windows, MacOs, Linux, iOS, Android and your browser. Enjoy your games!


1
PLEDGE $5 OR MORE
A virtual thank you bacon for your support. If someone, who has full unlimited
access already, invites you, you will get access, too. This a tricky way
granting groups of students a cheaper access to the tools.

2
PLEDGE $29 OR MORE 
Full unlimited access to the all versions of the tool in all stages including
the game-player for android and the editor for android tablets and the 'HELP'.
This is what a teacher should choose at least. But feel free to provide more
help by pledging more anyway.

//	PLEDGE $35 OR MORE Dropped
//	3 episodes of the first season of an episodic game released by me. That 
//	will be	5 short episodes of 'MURDER :: WHO ...?' or 'THE SECRET LIFES OF 
//	© MONKEYS'. If you want to play all episodes, add an extra fee of 8$ for 
//	each episode.

3
PLEDGE $65 OR MORE
Limited Reward: 50 of 50 remaining
First season of an episodic game released by me. That will be 5 short episodes
of the game that has been chosen including you in the 'special credits'. Full 
beta access to the editor tool.

//	PLEDGE $75 OR MORE Drop
//	Full unlimited access to the all versions of the tool in all stages 	
//	including the player for android and the editor for android tablets and 
//	the 'HELP'. As the extra bonus you get a copy HOGventure Storytelling 	
//	Card Game. For international shipping add 10$.

4
PLEDGE $125 OR MORE
Limited Reward: 50 of 50 remaining
Full unlimited access to the all versions of the tool in all stages including
the game-player for android and the editor for android tablets and the 'HELP'.
First season of an episodic game released by me. That will be 5 short episodes
of the game of the choice including you in the 'special credits'-Easter egg by 
name and link. An awesome way to promote yourself.

5
PLEDGE $250 OR MORE
The hardcopy pack includes a DVD copy of a sources of the full access pack and
the first season, the HOGventure Storytelling Card Game. It also contains a
rules book for the card game. Abd all above. Free international shipping!
	
6
PLEDGE $2,700 OR MORE
Limited Reward: 5 of 5 remaining
A original unique piece of Art: one of 5 hand drawn HOG paintings 60 on 60 cm
(ca 22x22 inches) each. You choose, which one you get on first comes, first
serves basis. The full access pack, the first season pack and a copy HOGventure
Storytelling Card Game with the rule book. 
//For secure or/and international shipping add 100$.

7
PLEDGE $7,500 OR MORE
Limited Reward: 1 of 1 remaining
Free the tool: you get a special thank you by the community and will be
mentioned as an heroic donator to the public in 'HELP - THE DEMO'. Complete with 
link your name and a special appearance in the HELP game. You and everyone will 
get full unlimited access to the all versions of the tool in all stagesincluding 
the player for HTML. Maybe for Android and the editor for android tablets, too.

8
PLEDGE $9,500 OR MORE
Limited Reward: 1 of 1 remaining
You might get murdered or headless! Depending on the result of the vote, 
you can have a special appearance in one of the games. I have four games in 
mind: 'COCK ROACH & LADY BUG', 'THE SECRET LIFE OF © MONKEYS', 'MURDER :: WHO 
...?' or 'PROJECT RUNAWAY'. The fifth one, 'HELP - THE DEMO', will be produced 
as a single episode anyway and is part of the editor. If you want one of the 
mentioned games to become true, you should promote your choice while the 
election campaign is running. This includes also the hardcopy pack and a copy of 
the HOGventure Storytelling Card Game.

//	PLEDGE $10,000 Drop
//	Limited Reward: 1 of 1 remaining
//	'VIDEO HALL', a storytelling arcade game collection, where 
//	everyone/thing runs nuts.

//PLEDGE $12,500 OR MORE Something personal like a character
//Limited Reward: 4 of 4 remaining
//I have four game in mind: 'COCK ROACH & LADY BUG', 'THE SECRET LIFE OF ©
//MONKEYS', 'MURDER :: WHO ...?' or 'PROJECT RUNAWAY'. The fifth one, 'HELP - 
//THE DEMO', will be produced as a single episode anyway. If you want one of 
//these games to become true, tell me your choice. This is on first comes, first 
//servesn basis. Any other game chosen, will the next in line (wait another 3-6 
//months).

GOAL = $9950



Project video 500MB-File-Size limit

make a HOGventure home video explaining what you can do with that editor
and how easy this is.

make a introduction to the card game

//	build a hogventure slotmashine/acarde palace game 'VIDEO HALL'

explain the 4 possible games series

'MURDER :: WHO ...?', a crime stories episodical seasson - nobody knows Dog, but
he has a bureau of investigations. Eberhard(or you) runs the office, and the 
three pigs are doing their job a the detectives. Sometimes Dog interupts their 
works via old fashined phone, loudspeakers or something similar. No angels will 
be harmed, if we make this stories: 'MURDER :: WHO eats bacon and cheese?', 
'MURDER :: WHO smells like a fish?', 'MURDER :: WHO talks to loud and sings like 
a sistrum?', 'MURDER :: WHO likes love, labor, lost?', 'MURDER :: WHO hears the 
news today?'

'The Secret Life of the © Monkeys', a nature reportage
seassonal about the secret life of the copyrighted monkeys. The © monkeys live
on a little vulcano island near by that continent beginning with the capital
'A'. You can join Professor McJimmac on his expedition. Help to detect the © 
monkeys, investigate their natural environment with those scary lifeforms and 
plants - bees and peas - take awesome photoshots for documentary and solve 
incredible puzzles based on the number 3. This is not another bejeweled clone. 
In short - run for you life.

'Cock Roach & Lady Bug', a love story.
Cock is an American seaman 'new' to the habour city. A guy without work. He
finds no ship anymore. Than he meets a lady, so he thinks, Lady Bug, and so he
treads her. But she is an prostitute. Both they are just stranded people in a
big city, bigger than life. This is tragical epic love story from the
underground, if you know Mecki Messer.

'PROJECT RUNAWAY', an escapade.
If you are an Easter rabbit girl from the Easter Islands your
job oppertunities run short. You can work in the EGG-factory. That's it. But
Bunny Usagi has a dream. As a kid she read a fashion style bible. That was just
200 years ago. Now as a teen, she wants to be an fashion designer. Once Bunny
Usagi managed to get up the hole, she travels far away from home to see the
world and joins a top (pottery) model casting show. That's where everything
turns strange.


//'development', You want me to put all the money into the development of the
//tools


Project description

It is hard to tell your story. 

You may wonder, why this editor tool set is called HOGventure? Here is the
explanation for name HOGventure: Hidden Object Game Adventures. At least this is
why I build the editor and what I want to do with it.

But you may create a storytelling jump'n'run, a shooter with dialog puzzles, an 
interactibve childrens book, any kind of stories and games and flavor.

HOGventure is not a game, it is a toolbox to create games. Your games.
Strangely enough these tools enables everyone to create storytelling games,
indeed. All stages of experiences may apply as the entry level. Students from
schools, collages, universities, your grandma and pa? Everyone, who knows to
write, read, draw, paint, sing, make music and use a computer, should give the 
HOGventure editor a try. Even professionals.

Game-writers, narrative designers and students of those crafts can write, test
and analyze their story, dialogs and object contributions. Any kind of game
designer can use this editor to build a play test of her game. (How can someone 
avoid sexual discrimination here?)

Because this tool will include a raw sketch editor, anyone can create a full
visual representation of the game. The ability to include and 'manipulate'
audios will also be given. Movies might be used as backgrounds.
Finally plugins can be written in javascript easily.

In the last stage of the development 3d environments will be supported, too.

For the HELP a 'game' will explain how to work with the tools. It explains 
how you and your friends can work together, because HOGventure is not planed as 
a single user tool. Groups of coworkers with different talents can elaborate a 
game together. Educators may watch the projects of their students and give 
advice.

The data is export in the JSON data format. You can run the games with the build
in HTML5 game player. You might use this player to show your game on your
webpage or include it on facebook. But you are free to import the data into your 
own game engine to. (This is not part of the project!)

The player and the editor will run in any modern browser.
Also the player will run as an standalone app on Android devices. On Android 
tablets the editor will run a an app. Touchscreens are supported.

Full unlimited access to the all versions of the tool in all stages including
the game-player for android and the editor for android tablets and the 'HELP' is
granted for lifetime for all, who have backed the project via kickstarter with 
at least 29$.

Backing $65 via kickstarter grants you the full unlimited access to the first 
season of an episodic game, that I've written.

Once this project get seriously overfunded I have four games in mind: 
'COCK ROACH & LADY BUG'
'THE SECRET LIFE OF © MONKEYS'
'MURDER :: WHO ...?' 
'PROJECT RUNAWAY'
If you want one of the mentioned games to become true, you should promote your 
choice, while the election campaign is running(insert link and dates here).
With a pledge of 9500$ you will have a special appearance in all 5 episodes!
See the stage plan.

Some technical words: I use HTML5, javascript for the basic programming,
Dropbox, Firebase and other public available internet plattforms to save and
share the data between you and your coworkers. In the future some of those might
cost some money. As long they don't, everything will stay free. Otherwise I will
run a second founding campaign.

The data-format, the player and the editor will be open source, if this project
get founded. So this shall be a free tool. This project requires your support!

Stage plan:

Stage 1: We get the 9850$. The tool will be released in a free version.

Stage 2: If the projects gets more money, let's say 12.750$ something, I will
build Android and Apple iOS players and the iOS editor for the Android and Apple 
tablets.

Stage 3: Once the founding breaks the 18.000$ barrier, I will create one of the
games until May 2013. Which one, depends one your choice. Do not forget to vote!

Stage 4: The 27.500$ barrier enables me to create better art, music, sounds. Yes 
art and music are expensive.

Stage 5, 6, ... : For another pocket full of 25.000$ more, another game will be
produced.

Final Stage: Once I can engage programmers, 3d support will be build in as soon
as possible. That's about 100.000$ or more.

Choices:

MURDER :: WHO ...?

The Secret Life Of The © Monkeys

Cock Roach & Lady Bug

PROJECT RUNAWAY

//	development

//	VIDEO HALL
