About
MURDER :: WHO

m:w will always come with a subtitle like
WHO wants to know something about storytelling?
WHO reads the newspaper?
WHO eats bacon with eggs?

never ask questions like 'who killed the man under the lantern?'

The title questions should never sound like a crime question atall!
This is a funny crime story - seasonal and episodic.

The game is a super simple mini adventure with,
	  - dialog puzzles and riddles,
	  - hidden object parts and combination puzzles,
	  - amd a over the season lasting closet-game part.

The main charakters:
	  DOG :	he owns a detective office/agency.
      never been seen, only present by 'voice'.
		    He might be an radio, tv, loudspeaker -
		    avoid modern communication devices, or
		    they will have to explode (sooner or later?)
		    introduce most times the plot of the story.
		    He has a never been told secret:
		    he is the original 'Bad Wolf'. See the writings on the wall?
   The WHO
	     winston willhelma : a  sod - female pig
	     hasi 'bunny' usagi: an eastern rabbit - she's so cute and though
	     olivia onkle      : she is special in any way although she is human
   The sidekick
	     Eberhard : runs the office for DOG
		    inside the office the is a 'most wanted' picture of DOG aka BAD WOLF

The stories takes place in a imaginary habour city named Sau.Pauli part of
HAMbourgh. This is not a real city just a reduced, shrinked, condensed version
of the real Hamburg/St.Pauli and SanFrancisco. Misty and rainy weather, natural
sex in the city and other specialities of those cities are part of the global
story. Fishermens Warf / Fischmarkt - Landungsbrücken and the Golden
Gate/Streseman Bridge, the underground/bart and the tram, which is still present
in this story.
A descriptive map:
Between Landingsbridges and Fishmarket there is the Odd Habour at the riverside,
Habourstreet, parralell land inwards there is the Limelight, on the one hand
there is an underground station, on the other hand the Twilight runs down to the
Odd Habour (Habourstreet). Here stands the Lighthouse. A replacement for the
Hamburg Michel and the SF Pyramid Tower. From here the Fishmarket is nearer by
the sea. This is the basic map.

