The three little piggies

The night was cold and stormy. It was raining cats and dogs, the wind howled, the weather was beastly. It was a spring storm, when three little pigs  were driven out of the stable from their mother sow, not because they had the swine fever, or because the farmer wanted to kill them. No, the mother was simply too poor to pay the education, clothing or even the food fot them. she was a shrewd sow and therefore pregnant again. Even the mother was too poor to give them names. That's why we call them Strawy, Woody and Rolling Stoned.
So there were the three little pigs on the street again and pulled it together through the countryside.

One evening late in the summer, they passed on a field with very much straw. Quickly they built together a straw hut for the night, because nights became cold already. The next morning, the first pig, which we call Strawy, said, "Oh, I'm tired of walking around. Let us stay here together and build the hut." But the other two pigs wanted to move on. They left the pig back alone. From then on the pig prepaired the straw hut for the winter. The rest of the time it spend everything on it's personal well-fare. It was thick, fat and round. It didn't know, that the big bad wolf* had already found their tracks.

*That fact is stated in the literature. On the other hand, the locals told of a gang of mangy mutt, or at least a pack of wolves. The last option seems most likely. That is what the further course of history shows too. Nevertheless, I have decided to use the singular form of literary editing.

Just over a week later, the weather was not very stable, the two pigs, Woody and Rolling Stoned, were walking past a lumberyard at a forest edge and built out a pretty little wooden house for the night, which was quite rainy. But they both didn't know, that night the big bad wolf came along to their brother strawy in the straw hut. He sniffed briefly and knew what to do. He took one last breath on the cigarette and flicked it onto the straw roof. Then he blew so strong he could, but this did not help much. The wet straw did not ignite. He was a heavy smoker and did not have enough lung capacity. So he came rattling, snorting and coughing into the hut. The fat little piggy was almost paralyzed with fright, but then it took it's own fate into his own hands and ran away. And so the wolf entered the hut. He kindled a fire to warm themselves. But this was not a good idea. The cabin was in flames, because it was, as everyone knows, only made of straw. The Wolf was forced to flee too.

The next morning one pig, it was Woody, of the two pigs meant "Oh, I'm tired of walking around. Let us stay here together and build the log cabin into a real house." But the other pigs from the two little piggies, Rolling Stoned was a real hiker and would go on. The pig Woody was left alone. From then on it made the log cabin winterized and spend the rest of his thim for his personal well-fare. It was not so thick, round and bold, wood-work is vigorous. But what it did not know, the big bad wolf had already taken its course, because he ran behind the other pig, which had escaped from the straw hut. That was not so unsporting as it looked and ran and ran as fast as it could and that was certainly faster than a bad fuming Wolf could do.

The pig, which now wandered alone, was too tired to walk alone after a few days. So it took a job at a chicken farm as a shepherd for the chickens and the farmer built him a strong house made of stone. Then the pig thought, "I've taken a pretty place!" It was happy and in peace.

But what it did not know was that night, the other two brothers met again. Thus, the pig from the wooden hut, Woody, invited his wandering brother, Strawy, but what they both did not know, the wolf was on their track. The pig in the straw hut told the pig in the wooden hut the story of his life since they had going different ways. The piggy in the wooden hut was shocked, but it thought, the fate was much more polite for him. But the pig made his bill without the big bad wolf. Already he had identified the wooden hut, a stolen petrol canister and poured the gasoline over the roof. "Two well-roasted pigs for the price of one, that's real business." He lit a last cigarette, even before eating, since he was already blazing fire. So he jumped off the roof, ran crashing through the door and jumped wildly, screaming, burning like a torch through the hut and lit it all.
The pigs but not rigid with fright took their hand and legs into the game and disapeared through the window. Now they were together on the run.

Quickly they realized that the wolf followed them on their heels possibly.
The wolf, however, it did not go well. He licked his burns and he was now looking more like a whipped dog ill-fated than a real bad wolf.
The two pigs were in good shape and so they moved fast to a strong stone build house. There their sibling lived in. This was pleased to see them again and was shocked by the siblings story. So it invited his siblings out of hand and without hesitation to spend time with him.
The farmer, however, was initially not pleased at all. That changed however when he saw a mangy dog. Since it seemed to be an good idea. Better than a shepard pig would be a guard dog and a 	piggery. So the wolf got the job, and pigs did not get quite right what was happening to them.

And the moral of the story?
Do not live for the benefactors satisfactory?

Benefactors are also perpetrators?

Most the time the fate strikes back from a corner from which noone does not expect it?