The little three piggies

There were once three little pigs and they were all siblings, two brothers and one sister, to be exact. They lived in a faraway land called America, more precisely, because we want to be precisely just yet, the United States of America. Their names were Jorge, Louise and Borges, because their parents had a strange taste when it comes to naming.

They were all well educated and well trained as they left their home, the house of her parents. Her parents had lovingly cared for them constantly.

All three had accepted jobs in the food industry.

The first pig, Jorge, was a farmer in the Midwest and built on corn, bred chickens and cattle.
His farm was large and he was lord of many acres of land, chickens and cattle. As far as he was the Lord. To develop and acquire these things, he had to work hard from morning till night. He also had to make debt with the banks. So he really did not own a single yard of his farm. The next harvest and the yield from the chicken coops and the cattle were already mortgaged to the banks. He was thin and gaunt, and yet at the end of the day, happy and satisfied. He found that he had made it good in life. So he lived from hand to mouth.

The next Pig, Louise, was not as enterprising as her two brothers. She sold the finished products made from the animals and the corn, which many farmers and peasants, like her brother Jorge, cultivated and fostered. Sticky baps, chicken nuggets and that ground beef, which remained after the slaughter of the cattle. It's why she had taken a simple job in fast food, had married and had children. She called a small house with a pretty garden, just like their parents had, her own. You guessed it, of course, the house was not her property. Not quite, because her children were eating her hair from her head, bur she managed to pay off the mortgages for the bank always yet. But soon the children would leave the house and the house would belong to her. Her days were exhausting and full of love. Mostly she was happy or satisfied. At the end of each day, she found that she had taken it quite well in life. She was rather well than ill.*

* This part of the story was actually filmed in real terms even for television and I'm sure many of you know about. It is the TV series "Rosanne." Names and events have been changed to protect real live people, pigs and telling.

The last pig, however, called Borges, who had never learned anything real. He lived from one day to another and also invested other people's money on the food market. Thus he made a lot of money. He called a sports car, a villa with swimming pool, a big, fat bank account and various corporate interests his own. And as far as one could believe the banks, it all belonged to him and he was also debt free. He was divorced, lived in sin, had many children, but he paid no child support. And of course, anyone can imagine already, he found that he earned too little, owned far too little and all the others were just scroungers. Especially his family. He was fat, fat, round and lazy as sin and at the end of the day, it would have been better for the world, he would have died of a prompt heart attack, because of course he was also a republican.

When his mother was hit by a sports car because it was he who had driven it drunken. Of course, he hit and run and was not caught by the police. He refused to participate in the hospital costs. His brother, Jorge, however, pledged his shirt off, his sister, Louise took her elderly father to her household while her mother was in hospital. He, Borges, speculated with an enormous amount of money to falling prices for chickens, sides of beef and grain, making the prices fell. He became even richer, fatter and more intolerable. Formal he owned now not only one new foreign sports car, he owned two of them, an SUV and a Rolls Royce.
He mocked his brother Jorge vehement, because Jorge had to leave house and farm. It was Borges who cut off the bank credit lines.

His sister got her brother Jorge into her house. She opened her house even for her old father and her mother, who did not recover. She did not leave the bedside of her sick mother, when she was not working in fast food. Her husband and her brother took any job they could get. Now they have been turned over every penny twice. But all this did not help.

Her brother speculated on the housing market. He lent money to poor pigs, of which he already knew that they could afford a loan under any circumstances. Then he sold them a house to double, triple the market value. He felt even as a benefactor.
Of the money that he earned with such a dubious speculation, he bought a fast-food business. Shortly thereafter, the bubble was bursting, but Borges had already brought his sheep into the dry ones. Because of the following economic crisis, he sacked half the staff, including his sister, Louise. The other half he paid only half the salary for the duplication of work.
The Bank distrained Louise's house because she could no longer pay off her mortgages, and auctioned it. She and her family found themselves back on the road. They had homeless sleeping in parks and under bridges. That is why they became ill with the swine flu.
Borges kindly offered them help. But again he had nothing better to do than to peddle his siblings and his parents for a nominal price to the nearest butcher. He lived long and unhappy, and if he is not dead, he plans for sure the next mess.

And the moral of the story:
Go on a public health insurance for love and glory?

Iraq has Weapons of Mass Destruction?

Not every pig is a pig?
